# lmno-cl

Utility for generating change logs for linked node modules using git

Have a project with a bunch of your own versioned dependencies hosted in
a git repository and linked locally for ease of rapid development, and want to
keep track of what changed in your main project?  lmno-cl can help.

## Usage

1. `npm link` some of the modules in your project (`sudo npm link` in the dependency
project directory foo, then `npm link foo` in the main project).

2. Setup your `package.json` with an explicit `git://github.com/username/projectname.git#ref`
version for each of the linked modules. Note the `#ref` is crucial, and should be set to the
exact git commit used.

3. Commit changes to your dependencies as you develop. When you are ready to 
commit the main project, run:

    node lmno-cl.js | sh

The project's `package.json` will be updated with the latest git commit references,
and committed with a detailed message listing all of the dependencies commits, [example](https://github.com/deathcap/voxpopuli/commit/779c16fbb09e47904d89a32b685295e189983dc3):

    Update inventory, inventory-window, itempile, voxel-harvest, voxel-pickaxe
    
    deathcap/inventory@4e23878abbf97c3407bfb538ffdfa45de004460d Fix give() losing tags when merging into empty slot
    deathcap/inventory-window@65cc714beb6d61fb4b4c0fc7707db86154401207 Render zero-count piles
    deathcap/itempile@1ea6fd1eb4df32ed16faed872a2ef0b5909542c9 0.0.4 - fix clone() not cloning tags
    deathcap/voxel-harvest@53bf45715c9cb4448edc32facce348971368229a Refactor damageToolHeld()
    deathcap/voxel-pickaxe@85c4551df89ff7a24aa4f37932306dfc61a78e38 Add repair recipes
    
    Commit message generated by https://github.com/deathcap/lmno-cl

As you can see the message includes everything that changed in the linked dependencies, listed
in GitHub commit reference format, so you know exactly what changed and the `package.json` versions
in history always point to a specific commit.

## Options

-n: dry run, do not update package.json

-v: verbose output, show package.json on console (useful with -n)

Of course you can also omit "| sh" if you want to manually commit.

## See also

* [Check in node\_modules vs. shrinkwrap](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/11459733/check-in-node-modules-vs-shrinkwrap)
* [node\_modules in git](https://web.archive.org/http://www.futurealoof.com/posts/nodemodules-in-git.html)

## Acronym

Linked Modules for Node.js of your Own, Change Log generator

## License


MIT

